Add info in Odsp driver Readme about the different event names for network failures and their meaning. (#25205)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/drivers/odsp-driver/README.md

to connect to it. This driver is present as an illustration of a different Fluid driver implementation.
Developers should not depend on this driver for their own solutions.

## Telemetry Event names to SPO API mapping:

These event names are suffixed by `_end` in case they are successful API calls or by `_cancel` in case they are failures.
In the table I have used the failure ones.

| Event Name | Endpoint | Notes |
|:---|:---|:---|

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:TreesLatest_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/snapshots/trees/latest?ump=1` | Error when fetching snapshot from storage. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:TreesLatest_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/snapshots/trees/latest?ump=1` | Error when fetching snapshot from storage, typically during document load. (Storage Call) |
```

| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:GetDeltas_cancel<br>fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:OpsFetch_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream?ump=1&filter=sequenceNumber ge START and sequenceNumber le END` | Error when fetching ops from the storage. (Storage Call) |

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:JoinSession_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/joinSession?ump=1` | Error when calling join session before connecting to socket. It is also called every 15 mins to renew session. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:JoinSession_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/joinSession?ump=1` | Error when getting the details needed to connect to socket. It is also called every 15 mins to renew session. (Storage Call) |
```

> | fluid:telemetry:BlobManager:AttachmentReadBlob_cancel<br>fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:readDataBlob_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/attachments/BLOB_ID/content` | Error when reading attachment blobs. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fluid:telemetry:BlobManager:AttachmentReadBlob_cancel<br>fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:readDataBlob_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/attachments/BLOB_ID/content` | Error when reading attachment blobs (e.g. images). (Storage Call) |
```

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:createBlob_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/attachment/content` | Error when creating a blob. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:createBlob_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/attachment/content` | Error when creating an attachment blob (e.g. an inserted image). (Storage Call) |
```

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:CreateNewFile_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/root:%2f<path>.fluid:/opStream/snapshots/snapshot?ump=1` | Error when creating a new Fluid file. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:CreateNewFile_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/root:%2f<path>.fluid:/opStream/snapshots/snapshot?ump=1` | Error when creating a new Fluid file, during Container Attach. (Storage Call) |
```

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:createNewEmptyFile_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/root://FILEPATH/FILENAME:/content?@name.conflictBehavior=rename&select=id,name,parentReference&ump=1` | Error when creating a new empty Fluid file. (Storage Call) |

Reviewer: What's the scenario for this?

Author: When we have attachment blobs in detached container. We first create empty file, then upload blobs and then upload summary so that summary can refer to those blobs.

Author: Added in readme.

| fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:uploadSummary_cancel | `/_api/v2.1/drives/DRIVEID/items/ITEMID/opStream/snapshots/snapshot` | Error when uploading Fluid summary to storage. (Storage Call) |

> | fluid:telemetry:OdspDriver:RedeemShareLink_cancel | `_api/v2.0/shares/${encodedShareUrl}/driveItem` | Error when redeeming the share link after single Round Trip redeem during snapshot fetch already failed. |

Reviewer: Can you link to another readme for more details?  "single Round Trip redeem" sounds like it means a specific feature that someone would then want to learn about

> | OdspDriver:odspFileLink_cancel<br>OdspDriver:getShareLink_cancel | `/_api/v2.0/drives/${driveId}/items/${itemId}?select=webUrl,webDavUrl,sharepointIds` | Error when fetching sharing link with Data_requestName = getFileItemLite in Telemetry. `getShareLink` event is parent of `odspFileLink` event. |

Reviewer: `Data_` prefix is an artifact of our 1P partner's telemetry logger, doesn't apply generally.

Reviewer: (Again on the next line)
